We will use verilog to make a 2-player game of connect 3, display the game on a monitor, and the DE-2 board will serve as a 
controller that will alternate to the next player once a play is made.

-
Tasks/Work:
-
-We will need to look up how to make and display the game on the monitor, and connect that to the DE2-115 board so that it 
can serve as a controller. If we have time we will make it so that the winner will display on the screen 
once the game is over. To do all of this we plan on splitting the work evenly, and a lot will be done in lab together. 

-We will need to look up how to make the game rule by some algorithm and how to display it on the monitor by using VGA, 
and connect that to the DE-2 board so that it can serve as a controller. We plan on splitting the work evenly. 

Background Information:
-
Connect 4 is an interesting connection game that have 2 players with a 6*7 game board. The two players will use two 
different color's discs to drop from the top one by one. Every block can only hold one disc.Also, when in one row, 
one column, or one diagonal have 4 same color discs, the player who use that color's discs win the game.

-
Description:
-

For our final project connect 4. We used 7 switches, each represented a different 
column on the game board, and we had a button for player 1 to push on their turn, and also on for player 2.
The game starts on player 1's turn, and alternates to the next player once a move is made. To make a move you
have to flip the switch for the column you want, and press the button corresponding to the player. Once the game
is won you will no longer be able to make a move, and to see who won you flip the switch next to the reset button,
and it will display a 1 if player 1 wins, and a 2 is player 2 wins. To win the game you have to have 4 of the same
color making a row, a column, or a diagnal anywhere on the game board. 

-video link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTPrxCXlRno&feature=youtu.be

-
Progress and Conclusions:
-

Overall, working on this project helped to give us a better understanding of verilog. Even using Bailey's code for
the vga we had problems with it when trying to display multiple colors on the monitor. Then we talked with Wilson,
and he helped us figure out how to get all of our colors to display. Once we got the vga to work, we spent most of 
our time working on the state machine for the game. Our state machine had a states to wait for the player to make 
their move, make the move, check if the was a win, and a state telling it what to do it there was a win, for both 
players, For a while we struggled with the count for the board, it would drop 2 blocks on each turn, but we put in
a else statement and got it to drop 1 block each time. Once we figured out that problem, we worked on how to find 
the winner for the game, and to do this we used for loops. Though there is a glitch in it, and sometimes while 
playing the game, when you make a move all of the spaces go white. We searched and searched to find out why it does 
that but we never figured it out.  Overall making connect four was a challenge, but we got it to work.

